Some misc doc updates found (#111)
XAITK/xaitk-saliency: docs/misc/style_sheet.rst

Style Sheet
===========

> This document lists the appropriate spellings of words and phrases to be used
> within this repos documentation and code for consistancy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document lists the appropriate spelling of words and phrases to be used
within this repo's code and documentation for consistency purposes.
```

Author: sounds good to me
